ｰｰｰwas Mashi much less put to decide 2
pa
I said I slept quite well
Neta pattern of around 3 o'clock It seems 14:00
I went for one hour does not not was another daily 's Do you want to bad
Hey
It really Yi
It is Ochi
I have
What prince kun Ouchi challenge of today
Was still able to catch the other two dogs It is a yes eh missing not go back until the winter catch
Oh, when I come today I would like to fish in my dream and I'll go for good
If it 's good, it's a gold medal
so
When I throw it, I go and eat it
It is not a direction, it is Tex this
in short
This this child and this child Tocco
Please'll not anymore Well then say Smoker
If you do it with your wrist, stop there
Stop here
I feel like I 'm jealous
Ochikun
My present condition is
Tadaima or
Temporary ー still 1 ha ha ha 30 years
げ ー ー ー barbie tissue 6
Wintering
I can not fish
Excuse me , but I was just good at throwing things .
Hmm
Say has been bitten by valley Presea become a prison fire
It was content
Round and round round and round two was a 0
Impression of an image or first hit
Naturally
9 minutes
Yeah yeah yeah
yeah
Workpower
Bach
It's a half train around the peninsula
It was sooo
Let's use each
This week of Prince challenge Yes I was sipping at 3
I could fish for 5 minutes
It is blue fake in i turn It seems 2 animals
How is fishing fun? Somewhat so What is free time or Sakama
It is good to flow slowly
But I will say I have Yai parentheses acme
Hmm
That's right, so oh
Oh, let's do the second bullet still next time
This time, myself of my fishing rod
I'm thinking I already
Then I guess I'm going to go shopping
But house challenge i
Black bus tree now for failure
Do I
I broke what I knew
After all there is the same ministry
What you look forward to in the aiko still die at a mean that
Everybody fishing place is clean
Let's go home with a plastic bottle, so it's great, trash and stuff
Hmm after you need a fishing ticket
Good morning It is better to come outside the exhaust , yes yes
Oh yeah leaves and serve
American
You was your mother customers ask was when cani
goo
me